a bar graph indicating drop because the three feet are pointing downwards on a pedestal. indicate.pnga bar graph indicating upward because the three feet are pointing upwards on a pedestal. indicate.pnga child swings in the playground.pnga city of four short and tall buildings with multiple windows and a door.pnga cute smiling rabbit face, a kind of animal. smile.pnga delicious chicken, a type of food.pnga delicious looking chicken leg, a type of food.pnga discharged battery with an unpleasant feeling and lack of energy and bad mood and a lightning drawing.pnga dog is sitting looking somewhere. it looks like the dog is waiting for someone.pnga dog is standing in a line. it looks like he's looking somewhere.pnga dolphin is jumping on the sea.pnga face with a heart drawn in love and a happy smile.pnga field planted with trees with rain clouds.pnga flying bird that looks like a humming bird. hum.pnga girl in a skirt is jumping rope.pnga grape, one of the fruits.pnga happy and smiling face. smile.pnga happy, joyful and smiling laughing face. smile.pnga heart shape resembling a heart shape, meaning love. resemble.pnga heart shape that represents love by resembling a heart shape with a heartbeat. resemble.pnga house with a chimney, a roof, a door and two windows.pnga house with a roof and a door.pnga kind of animal, a cute hamster that spins its ears.pnga light bulb that can also mean a glowing idea.pnga man and a woman couple holding hands looking in love.pnga pair, one of the fruits.pnga person is sitting at his desk playing on his laptop. sit.pnga person is swimming in the hot sun. he is swimming in the sea. swim.pnga person is walking with a cane carrying a bag.pnga person who appears to be a teacher or a professor is giving a class in front of the students. he points to the blackboard. give.pnga pet goldfish swimming in a fish tank.pnga picture of a dog's bone shape and a picture of a dog's sole shape and a picture of a fish.pnga pretty round wreath that can be used as a decoration for christmas.pnga side view of a fish, a type of animal.pnga slice of delicious looking pizza with a round topping, a type of food.pnga stopwatch used to measure time.pnga tall building with many windows and one door.pnga train passes by the railroad.pngan old man in a hat is walking with a cane.pngan umbrella on a rainy day.pngan unpleasant and angry face in a bad mood don't not no.pngbad mood and unpleasant angry face.pngbar graph indicating a drop because it is going down. indicate.pngbar graph indicating upward because it is upward. indicate.pngbig ships, cruise ships, and ferries are sailing on the sea. ferry.pngchristmas tree with beautiful decoration.pngclock on the table telling the time.pngcloudy weather with heavy, gray and sad mood.pngconversation in the chat window.pngcountless many people.pngcouple rings worn by couples in love. wear.pngcute snowman made of snow in winter wearing a hat. make.pngcutely folded puppy (dog) shaped balloon.pngdelicious pizza with one slice separated and round toppings, a type of food.pngdelicious pizza with one slice separated and round toppings.pngfeel good, happy and full of energy.pngfields with trees in the sun.pngfirecrackers that pop when partying or happy like christmas.pngfork and knife, a tool used to eat delicious food.pngforks and knives and knives and plates, a tool used to eat delicious food.pngfruit basket containing a pear and a grape.pnghave a picnic bag There are bread, apples, and drinks in the bag.pnghave a picnic bag.pnghold a smartphone by hand.pnghourglass used to measure time.pngit's a desert night. there are two cactus and one crescent.pnglightning strikes in the clouds, showing a heavy, dull and sad mood.pngman symbol used for him, he, his, himself men.pngmom wears a skirt. the mother is pushing a baby carriage.pngmusical notes that mean happy and pleasant (music).pngone factory with one chimney and three windows.pngone light bulb with three lightning bolts and three people, meaning a good idea comes to mind.pngone man standing up him, he, his, himself men.pngone person is giving a math lecture in front of the blackboard. Solve the equation.pngone person is playing in the playground. He rides a slide waving his hands.pngone person sleeps in bed.pngone person walks with one dog with a leash.pngone person walks with two puppies with leashes.pngone pretty sock that can be used as a decoration for christmasone snow crystal from the sky.pngone woman standing up she, her, hers, herself women.pngrainy weather on clouds that are heavy, gray and sad.pngside view of a cute cat (kitten), a type of animal.pngside view of a cute little chick, a type of bird.pngside view of a cute puppy (dog), a type of animal.pngside view of a cute rabbit, a type of animal.pngside view of a standing bird, a type of animal.pngside view of an adult chicken, a type of bird.pngsmoke is coming out of the factory. come.pngsnowy weather in clouds.pngtears come out of one eye. have eyes.pngThe apple logo seems to have taken a bite of an apple.pngthe earth looks sick. he is crying with two bandages attached.pngthe front view of a public transportation bus.pngthe groom wears a suit. the bride wears a wedding dress. the two are having a wedding. have.pngthe plane takes off from the airport.pngthe shape of the sun which means happy and pleasant weather or hot weather.pngthe subway, a means of public transportation, comes out of the tunnel. the subway passes over the railroad tracks.pngthe weather is raining and snowing together. a person is walking with an umbrella.pngthere are three face emoticons. one is expressionless, the other is sad, and the other is smiling. smile.pngthere is a bottle of wine and a glass of wine.pngthere is a broken heart between the two people.pngthere is a heart in one hand.pngthere is a sad face on the screen of a smartphone. it's a smartphone error.pngthere is a smiling emoticon in a round shape. there is one heart. i see teeth. smile.pngthere is a square, sad faced emoticon.pngthere is a table calendar that can be turned back.pngthere is an animal hospital with a sign with a dog bone on it. there are many windows.pngthere is an elephant.pngthere is one sun and one thermometer. it means hot weather.pngthere is one sun. It's windy. A person is flying a kite in the sun.pngthere's a heart in my hands.pngthree books are piled up.pngthree coins money cash.pngthree flying happy balloons used at parties.pngthree paper money cash which means rich.pngthree people are sitting face to face at the table in the company and talking over a meeting.pngthree people having a conversation with a chat window.pngtrucks are being transported with dog feet on them. the truck is carrying things related to dog.pngtwo bare footsteps of a person.pngtwo bird footprints among animals.pngtwo children are swinging together in the playground.pngtwo footprints of a person who left them in shoes.pngtwo mammal footprints among animals.pngtwo men and two women (four people) .pngtwo men holding hands.pngtwo people are camping. The two are standing and cooking.pngtwo people dancing happily to party music. happy.pngtwo people sitting in chairs talking with one table in between.pngtwo poor fish likely to be caught by a fishing hook.pngtwo women in skirts are holding hands.pngupset, depressed, sad, negative and angry crying face.pngupset, offended, displeased bad mood and sad face.pngupset, upset, sad, negative and angry face.pngweather symbol with sun behind the clouds.pngwoman symbol used for she, her, hers, herself women.png